Gavin terrible news morning hello John
here John jeez man I mean I got a phone
call early hours of this morning and
there's really upset about it you know I
mean you're very close and good mates
and you know you were starting a new
chapter in his life as well with the
father's maximum and yannis go man go
what terrible news a shock to me I mean
this is the man that grew up with a new
can record John we played together I was
playing for cosmos we played together in
Bafana Bafana yeah we all the same
generation but more than anything else
you know John when you in the media side
we now have been traveling with them we
were everywhere Brazil Poland and Kenya
and I can remember his last mile one
will part it in China after the game you
know after that victory and now I woke
up to this bad news his trademark to me
was his everlasting smile and his cap
and those were the trademark about
Thomas Malthus Ave I do not remember
anyway where I came across Thomas
without him smiling beggar you delicto
most American who was such a wonderful
man a very great coach human being you
know that was such a feature and I
remember guys from overseas and say
who's the guy with the hats you know and
that lovely memory Kazi they Artie
Eyewitness News in touch into and
independent for the latest log on to e
WN door coz a or e WN movie